9/17/2016

quiz notes

1 product owner responsibility:
a: final say on the order of the product backlog

b: says sprint its done, then its done

c: if the CEO asks DT to make a change to the current sprint. DT call PO and po can work with the CEO

d: present to review and adjust the sprint work selected

2 Development responsibility(3-9/5-9):

a: registering the work estimates during a sprint
b: should have all the skill needed to: turn the product backlog items it selects into an increment of potentially shippable product functionality

c: DT has to to as much as it has told the PO will be done for every Product Backlog item it selects in conformance with the definition of done.

d: present to review and adjust the sprint work selected

e:required to attend the daily scrum

f: during the first sprint: Deliver an increment of potentially shippable functionality, Nail down the complete architecture and infrastructure

h:DT never volunteer to own a sprint backlog items, must own by entire team

g: best describe the definition of”done” :
all DT has a definition of done and make their own definition clear to all other teams so the difference are known



3 same place to hold daily scrum:

reduces complexity and overhead

4 scrum master responsibility:
a: make sure that DT has a daily scrum

b: Teach the Development Team to keep the Daily Scrum within the 15 minute timebox.

c:to keeps a DT working at its highest level of productivity, scrum master can facilite Development Team decisions and remove impediments.

5 Sprint && timebox:
a sprint review: when the scrum team an stakeholder inspect the outcome of the sprint and figure out what to do in the upcoming sprint.
b:time box for the complete sprint planing meeting: 8hours for a month sprint. less is shorter.

c: Sprint Planning Meeting … a time boxed meeting (~5% of sprint duration).
	During the first half, the team decides “what” to complete during the sprint from the product backlog and defines a sprint goal.
	During the second half of the meeting the team decides “how” to complete the selected backlog items.

d:Sprint Review … a time boxed meeting (~5% of sprint duration).
	Product owner identifies what has been done.
	Team reports on what went well and what went bad during the sprint.
	Team demonstrates the work done.

e:Sprint Retrospective … three hour time-boxed meeting.
Team inspects the last sprint in terms of people, process, collaboration, tools, etc.
Identify actions that can be implemented in the next sprint to improve.

f: Daily Scrum Meeting … time-boxed 15-minute meeting, during which each member explains:
What has been accomplished since the last meeting
What will be done next before the next meeting
What any obstacles/impediments have emerged

g: when the time box expires, the sprint is over

h: maximum length of the sprint review(its time box) : 4HOURS for a monthly sprint, lead is shorter.

i:the next sprint begin immediately after the conclusion of the previous one

j:daily scrum time box :15min

6 best describe scrum : A framework within which complex products in complex environments are developed.

7 3 pillars of empirical process control are:
inspection transparently adaptation.

8 multi team working together should maintain just one product backlog

9:An organization has decided to adopt Scrum, but management wants tochange the terminology to fit with terminology already used. What willlikely happen if this is done?

a:Without a new vocabulary as a reminder of the change, very little change mayactually happen
b:The organization may not understand what has changed with Scrum and thebenefits of Scrum may be lost.
c:Management may feel less anxious.
all above are right.
